Add PIM PAG API documentation in graph beta (#19585)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/privilegedaccessgroupassignmentscheduleinstance.md

|:---|:---|:---|
|[List assignmentScheduleInstances](../api/privilegedaccessgroup-list-assignmentscheduleinstances.md)|[privilegedAccessGroupAssignmentScheduleInstance](../resources/privilegedaccessgroupassignmentscheduleinstance.md) collection|Get a list of the [privilegedAccessGroupAssignmentScheduleInstance](../resources/privilegedaccessgroupassignmentscheduleinstance.md) objects and their properties.|
|[Get privilegedAccessGroupAssignmentScheduleInstance](../api/privilegedaccessgroupassignmentscheduleinstance-get.md)|[privilegedAccessGroupAssignmentScheduleInstance](../resources/privilegedaccessgroupassignmentscheduleinstance.md)|Read the properties and relationships of a [privilegedAccessGroupAssignmentScheduleInstance](../resources/privilegedaccessgroupassignmentscheduleinstance.md) object.|
|[filterByCurrentUser](../api/privilegedaccessgroupassignmentscheduleinstance-filterbycurrentuser.md)|[privilegedAccessGroupAssignmentScheduleInstance](../resources/privilegedaccessgroupassignmentscheduleinstance.md) collection|Return instances of membership and ownership assignment schedules for the calling principal.|

## Properties
|Property|Type|Description|

> |:---|:---|:---|

Reviewer: Add the inherited properties

---
title: "privilegedAccessGroupAssignmentScheduleInstance resource type"

> description: "Represents an instance of privilegedAccessGroupAssignmentSchedule."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Represents an instance of a provisioned access assignment in PIM for groups."
```

author: "mandardalvi"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "governance"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# privilegedAccessGroupAssignmentScheduleInstance resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph

> Represents an instance of privilegedAccessGroupAssignmentSchedule.

Reviewer: Match with Line 3

Inherits from [privilegedAccessScheduleInstance](../resources/privilegedaccessscheduleinstance.md).

## Methods
|Method|Return type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|

> |[List privilegedAccessGroupAssignmentScheduleInstances](../api/privilegedaccessgroup-list-assignmentscheduleinstances.md)|[privilegedAccessGroupAssignmentScheduleInstance](../resources/privilegedaccessgroupassignmentscheduleinstance.md) collection|Get a list of the [privilegedAccessGroupAssignmentScheduleInstance](../resources/privilegedaccessgroupassignmentscheduleinstance.md) objects and their properties.|
> |[Get privilegedAccessGroupAssignmentScheduleInstance](../api/privilegedaccessgroupassignmentscheduleinstance-get.md)|[privilegedAccessGroupAssignmentScheduleInstance](../resources/privilegedaccessgroupassignmentscheduleinstance.md)|Read the properties and relationships of a [privilegedAccessGroupAssignmentScheduleInstance](../resources/privilegedaccessgroupassignmentscheduleinstance.md) object.|
> |[filterByCurrentUser](../api/privilegedaccessgroupassignmentscheduleinstance-filterbycurrentuser.md)|[privilegedAccessGroupAssignmentScheduleInstance](../resources/privilegedaccessgroupassignmentscheduleinstance.md) collection|Return assignment schedule instances for privileged access for calling principal.|
> |[List privilegedAccessGroupEligibilityScheduleInstance](../api/privilegedaccessgroup-list-eligibilityscheduleinstances.md)|[privilegedAccessGroupEligibilityScheduleInstance](../resources/privilegedaccessgroupeligibilityscheduleinstance.md) collection|Get the privilegedAccessGroupEligibilityScheduleInstance resources from the activatedUsing navigation property.|

Reviewer: The "eligibility" object will be listed in the eligibility doc
```suggestion
|[List assignmentScheduleInstances](../api/privilegedaccessgroup-list-assignmentscheduleinstances.md)|[privilegedAccessGroupAssignmentScheduleInstance](../resources/privilegedaccessgroupassignmentscheduleinstance.md) collection|Get a list of the [privilegedAccessGroupAssignmentScheduleInstance](../resources/privilegedaccessgroupassignmentscheduleinstance.md) objects and their properties.|
|[Get privilegedAccessGroupAssignmentScheduleInstance](../api/privilegedaccessgroupassignmentscheduleinstance-get.md)|[privilegedAccessGroupAssignmentScheduleInstance](../resources/privilegedaccessgroupassignmentscheduleinstance.md)|Read the properties and relationships of a [privilegedAccessGroupAssignmentScheduleInstance](../resources/privilegedaccessgroupassignmentscheduleinstance.md) object.|
|[filterByCurrentUser](../api/privilegedaccessgroupassignmentscheduleinstance-filterbycurrentuser.md)|[privilegedAccessGroupAssignmentScheduleInstance](../resources/privilegedaccessgroupassignmentscheduleinstance.md) collection|Return assignment schedule instances for the calling principal.|
```

## Properties
|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|

> |accessId|privilegedAccessGroupRelationships|The id of privileged access relationship to the group. Required. The possible values are: `owner`, `member`.|
> |assignmentScheduleId|String|The id of the schedule from which this instance was created. Required.|
> |assignmentType|privilegedAccessGroupAssignmentType|A read-only value to represent the assignment is granted through activation, or direct assignment. Required. The possible values are: `assigned`, `activated`.|
> |groupId|String|The id of the group representing the scope of the assignment. Optional.|
> |memberType|privilegedAccessGroupMemberType|A read-only value to represent whether the assignment is derived from group assignment or not. Thus, it can further imply whether the assignment schedule can be managed by the caller or not. Required. The possible values are: `direct`, `group`.|
> |principalId|String|The id of the principal to which the assignment is granted. Required.|

Reviewer: Add inherited properties (and maintain alphabetical order)

```suggestion
|accessId|privilegedAccessGroupRelationships|The identifier of the access assignment relationship to the group. Required. The possible values are: `owner`, `member`,  `unknownFutureValue`.|
|assignmentScheduleId|String|The identifier of the [privilegedAccessGroupAssignmentSchedule](privilegedaccessgroupassignmentschedule.md) from which this instance was created. Required.|
|assignmentType|privilegedAccessGroupAssignmentType|Indicates whether the assignment is granted through activation or direct assignment. Required. The possible values are: `assigned`, `activated`, `unknownFutureValue`.|
|groupId|String|The identifier of the group representing the scope of the access assignment through PIM for groups. Optional.|
|memberType|privilegedAccessGroupMemberType| Indicates whether the assignment is derived from a group assignment. It can further imply whether the caller can manage the assignment schedule. Required. The possible values are: `direct`, `group`, `unknownFutureValue`.|
|principalId|String|The identifier of the principal whose access assignment to the group is managed through PIM for groups. Required.|
```

## Relationships
|Relationship|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|

> |activatedUsing|[privilegedAccessGroupEligibilityScheduleInstance](../resources/privilegedaccessgroupeligibilityscheduleinstance.md)|When the request is to Activate an assignment, the navigation property represents the eligibility which enforces the eligible policies for the activation. Otherwise, it is null.|
> |group|[group](../resources/group.md)|Property referencing the directory object that is the scope of the assignment. Provided so callers can get the directory object using $expand at the same time as getting the schedule.|
> |principal|[directoryObject](../resources/directoryobject.md)|Property referencing the assigned principal. Provided so callers can get the principal using $expand at the same time as getting the schedule.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|activatedUsing|[privilegedAccessGroupEligibilityScheduleInstance](../resources/privilegedaccessgroupeligibilityscheduleinstance.md)|When the request activates an access assignment in PIM for groups, this object represents the eligibility access policy for the group. Otherwise, it is `null`.|
|group|[group](../resources/group.md)|References the group that is the scope of the access assignment through PIM for groups. Supports `$expand`.|
|principal|[directoryObject](../resources/directoryobject.md)|References the principal that's in the scope of this access assignment request through the group that's governed by PIM. Supports `$expand`.|
```
